
This is an attempt to see the behaviour of 
level shifter when 5V TTL logic chips output
is fed to 3.3V CMOS chip.
It proved to be hard to get all of spice directives
from schematic. 
So initially used the netlist from schematic.
The spice net produced is heavily modified especially
for the Mosfet. 
Took a while to understand how spice works.
Tried arbitray digital signal cycle with piece wise linear
voltage source. First cycle works well, but second cycle
rise/fall times don't agree why???

Well that is because I was setting time step to zero instead
of some finite value in .trans directive. I thought it was
initial time. The first parameter is time step, second end time.

Anway after a lot mucking around, figured the way to
do everything from gschem. It is relatively straigth forward now
that I know how to do it.

The confusion was more with Mosfet. First refq should have M as
starting. The type attribute tells something about the device type too.
Model Name is the name given to the model when the generic model is given
specific parameters. This then can be used with many of the instances of
that device with the same model parameters. (Key point to rememeber)

Model attribue is really .... single string where model parameters can
be specified. 

Finally got Opamp model ticking. One from Texas insturments and other
from unknown source. TI one needed some fancy switches in ngspice 
initfile to make it work. But in the end it was all worth it. What it showed
was when opamp input signal move to negative rail, when opamp is only
powered by single rail (positive Vcc, and gnd), the difference of 
input to output will not be clipped as one would expect instead it will
produce a feed back that gives unexpected positive output from opamp.

This explains why we are seeing some new peaks in our circuit.

I am not sure any more. DId more experiments with ngspice. Closer examination
revealed that our Control and segment signal voltages should be positive with 
maximum voltage (VLC) at 2V.  However, the difference voltage that determines
if segment is lit or not (VLCD) swings from positive to negativea. (-2 to 2v)

Fed the COM0 and SEG10 signals as shown in the manual to the OPAMP, initially
with COM0 on nonInverting end, and SEG10 and inverting end. Compared that with
switching the inputs to OPAMP circuit, I could see that there won't be any ficticious
peaks. So the problem is else where.


